page: https://www.tide.co/

Tide
BUSINESS BANK ACCOUNT
Ready for business
Powerful and simple. Apply today through Tide to open an FSCS protected bank account provided by ClearBank.

Heading: For companies of all shapes and sizes
Description: 
Freelancers: Straightforward business current accounts at no monthly cost to get started for sole traders, consultants and contractors
Small businesses: Limited companies save time with accounting integration, invoicing directly from the app and Expense Cards for easy expense management
Scaling businesses:Upgrade to our Plus or Premium memberships when your business needs more support and enjoy exclusive perks

Heading: Account plans that scale with your business
Description: Our mission is to save small businesses time and money. That’s why we offer a free business bank account with no monthly fee. Choose the plan that’s right for you now and upgrade any time as your business grows.

Trusted by 450,000+ UK businesses

Heading: Register your limited company and open a Tide account all in one go
Description: 
It’s FREE: We pay the incorporation fee on your behalf and give you a free business account.
It’s fast: Apply within minutes and get set up all in one go.
It’s safe: We’re an approved formation agent with a secure Companies House integration, so you’re in good hands.

Heading: More than just an account
Description :Our business current account is packed with features which save you time and money:
Auto-categorisation: We automatically tag your income and spending. Customise the labels to suit your company.
Easy expenses: Upload receipts, auto-match them to transactions, add a note if you like and it’s all stored digitally.
Sync with accountancy software: Link your account to software like Xero, QuickBooks, Sage and more.
Send, pay and track invoices : No need for a separate system, keep on top of your invoices directly in our app.


Heading: Easy account access
Description: Desktop access: Manage your finances in a way that works for you, whether it’s in the palm of your hand, or from your computer.
Read access for your team: Invite business partners, colleagues or your accountant to view and download transactions.
Export CSV files: Download all your payments, attachments and notes, then upload them to any accounting software.
Sync up with your accounting software: Forget uploading CSVs – connect your account to Xero, QuickBooks, FreeAgent, Sage, KashFlow and Reckon.


Heading: Contactless Mastercard
Description: We’ve made it easy to manage your Tide card so you stay in control.
Free business Mastercard: Spend on your card in the UK and abroad with no fees and no commission. (Getting cash from an ATM costs £1 and some machines might charge an extra fee.)
Instant card management : Stay in control from anywhere. Use the app to freeze, unfreeze, or cancel and re-order your card.
Company expense cards : Order up to 50 Tide Expense Cards for your team and keep track of who's spending what. Set up sub-accounts to set aside money for expenses.
Use everywhere: Spend in shops, buy online and withdraw cash worldwide wherever Mastercard is accepted.

Heading: plus everything else you might need
Description:
Rapid setup: Get a sort code and account number in minutes.
Protected and trusted: We’re fully authorised and regulated by the FCA.
In-app support: Our Member Support team are available to help 24/7, 365.

Q; Who can open a Tide account?
If you’re the director of a company registered with UK Companies House, you’ll be eligible for a Registered Business account. UK-based sole traders and freelancers with a valid UK residential address who are registered with HMRC are eligible for a Sole Trader account.
For both account types, you’ll need to be aged 18 or above, have a valid UK phone number, and hold a device registered to a UK App or Google Play store.
We’re on a mission to help business owners spend less time on money admin.
However, there are a number of high risk industries that we can’t take on, as this would mean not being able to focus our time and energy on the rest of our members.

As a result and going forwards, we will not be offering current accounts to businesses in the following industries:
-> Third-party funds
-> The holding, managing an/or controlling of a third party’s (client’s/customer’s) funds in the Tide account. This includes using the funds on behalf of other individuals
-> Insurance companies (incl. insurance brokers)
-> Trading of cryptocurrencies
-> The wholesale of precious metals and stones
-> Investments (incl. real estate investments)
-> Money services (such as foreign exchange, loan providers, money transfers)
-> Casinos, prize draws and other betting or gambling activities
-> Sale of unlicensed pharmaceuticals
-> Sale or trade of cannabidiol (CBD) products
-> Trading of weapons, explosives or armaments
-> Unlicensed trading and processing of scrap metal
-> Unlicensed waste management
-> Sale, import and export of used vehicles or heavy machinery
-> Escort services and other services in the adult industry
-> Bidding fee auctions
-> Non-profit organizations, including charities
-> CICs and CIOs
-> You can read more about this in our blog post: Providing financial security for our members.


Q: Is my money safe with Tide?
Yes.
If you have a ClearBank account, then eligible deposits, up to £85,000*, are protected by the UK Government’s deposit guarantee scheme, the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS).
If you have an e-money account, then the funds in your account are stored and protected. With an e-money account, your money is never invested or loaned out and is safeguarded in accounts that keep your money separate from the money we use to run Tide. As your funds are safeguarded, FSCS protection does not apply.
*Eligible deposits with ClearBank are protected up to a total of £85,000 by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), the UK’s deposit guarantee scheme. This limit applies to the total of any deposits you have with ClearBank. Any total deposits you hold above this limit are unlikely to be covered.

Q: What's the difference between an e-money account and a bank account?
With a bank account, eligible deposits will be protected up to £85,000* by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS).
E-money accounts store your money in electronic form which can be used to make payments. Your money is held in a Safeguarding Account. This means your money is kept separate from the funds we use to run Tide.
*Eligible deposits with ClearBank are protected up to a total of £85,000 by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), the UK’s deposit guarantee scheme. This limit applies to the total of any deposits you have with ClearBank. Any total deposits you hold above this limit are unlikely to be covered.

Q: I'm a Tide member. How do I know whether I have a PPS or a ClearBank account?
There are 3 ways in which Tide members can identify if they have a PPS or ClearBank account:
Sort Codes: If the sort code is 04-06-05 – the account is with ClearBank, if the sort code is 23-69-72 – it is with PPS
tatements: The footer of members’ statements will give details of the account provider and terms
By requesting an Account Verification Letter (AVL) from Tide

Q: Does Tide offer bank accounts?

Yes!
There are currently two different types of accounts with Tide: an e-money account, provided under the license of Pre-Pay Solutions Limited and regulated by the FCA, and bank accounts  provided by ClearBank, which are also regulated by the FCA.
The funds in e-money accounts are stored and protected. With an e-money account, your money is never invested or loaned out and is safeguarded in accounts that keep your money separate from the money we use to run Tide. As your funds are safeguarded, FSCS (Financial Services Compensation Scheme) protection does not apply.
We’re in the process of moving Tide accounts from PPS e-money accounts to ClearBank FSCS protected bank accounts. In the coming months, you’ll have the option to update your account, we’ll get in touch when this is available.

Q: What ID will I need to open a bank account with Tide?
We’ll be able to verify your identity from most European National ID cards, international driving licences and passports.

Q: Is Tide a bank?
No, Tide isn’t a bank.
Tide is a business financial platform and the leading provider of digital business banking services in the UK! We are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and offer e-money accounts, provided by PrePay Solutions (PPS), as well as business bank accounts, provided by ClearBank.
We believe that this model gives us the opportunity to provide a wider range of products and services to our members, helping them to save time (and money) on their financial admin.

Q: How long does it take to open a bank account with Tide?
On-boarding timeframes vary depending on the types of applications we receive, but more than half of our new members this year opened their bank account in less than 10 minutes.
To be exact, 53% opened their accounts in under 10 minutes, 70% in under 60 minutes, and 81% within 48 hours. Even if your business is a bit more complex and we can’t complete your application right away, if you meet our eligibility requirements it’ll still be far quicker than most high street banks!
Saving our members time is at the core of what we do, so we’re always working to optimise and improve wait times. You can read about why we sometimes need a little more information on our blog.

Q: Can a charity open a bank account with Tide?
Unfortunately, registering charities requires us to follow a different set of rules which would take us away from our main mission as a company. We may support these types of organisations in the future, but we’re currently focused on offering the best experience for small and medium-sized businesses.

Q: Do you carry out credit checks?
No! To open a current account, we perform electronic checks (run by third-party services) to verify your identity and comply with UK anti-money laundering regulations. While these checks will not impact your credit score, they will appear on your credit report.

Q: Can I apply from outside the UK?
Yes! However, you must have a UK residential address. Applicants who are not based in the UK may apply for a business bank account, as long as they are directors of a company registered with UK Companies House. In some cases, we may have to complete additional checks in order to process your application.
Don’t forget – you’ll need to switch your App or Google Play store to the UK to download Tide.

Q: Does Tide offer a switching service?
Unfortunately not – but you can use Tide alongside your existing bank account until you have fully switched over.


Getting started is easy
No queuing or appointment required

1. Download the app: On play store or app store
2. Tell us about your company: Like what you do and any shareholders
3. Scan your ID and take a selfie: To securely verify who you are
4. Most accounts approved in minutes: Sometimes we ask for more information
5. You’re up and running!: Your account is ready to go, we’ll get your card to you in a couple of days


A business bank account that's free, easy to open, and helps you start doing what you love.
Tide is about doing what you love. That’s why we’re trusted by 450,000+ sole traders, freelancers and limited companies throughout the UK.

Independent service quality survey results
Business current accounts

Published February 2023

As part of a regulatory requirement, an independent survey was conducted to ask approximately 1,200 customers of each of the 15 largest business current account providers if they would recommend their provider to other small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs*). The results represent the view of customers who took part in the survey.

Overall service quality
We asked customers how likely they would be to recommend their business current account provider to other SMEs.
Tide is ranked 4.

Plans offered?
Tide offers 4 plans.
Four plans are offered by tide, they are Free, Plus, Pro and Cashback.

You can visit https://www.tide.co/pricing/ for more plans details.
Plan: Free, Plus, Pro and Cashback each have different features and pricing. Please visit the website for more details. For best value, we recommend the Pro plan.

Q: What is the url of plans?
You can visit https://www.tide.co/pricing/ for more plans details.

Plans offered:Free - Cost £0.00, Plus - Cost £9.99, Pro (New) - Cost £18.99, Cashback - Cost £49.99. To know more about plans visit https://www.tide.co/pricing/
Paid plans: Plus ,Pro ,Cashback We also have a free plan if that interests you, you can visit https://www.tide.co/pricing/ for more details.

Q: Plans with details:
Explained the plans with details
Plan: Free, Cost: £0.00, Frequency:monthly, Features: Free plan offers Free Your Tide business card,Expense Cards for your team is charged at £5/month.,Free plan offers Transfers in & out 20p per transfer ,ATM withdrawals are charged £1,Free plan offers Read access for team members,,Free plan offers Scheduled payments,Free plan offers Accounting integrations - Quickbooks, Xero, Sage and more,,Free plan offers Multi-business - hold up to 5 business accounts,Free plan offers Create and send invoices for free,Free plan No Priority in-app support,Free plan doens't offer Priority in-app support,Free plan No Phone support,Free plan doesn't offer Phone support,Free plan No 24/7 legal helpline,Free plan there is no 24/7 legal helpline,Free plan No Exclusive member perks,Free plan doesn't offer Exclusive member perks,Free plan No Support with trademark filing and disputes infoDepending on the nature of trademark services, additional fees may be incurred on a case by case basis,Free plan No Dedicated team of account managers,Free plan doesn't offer Dedicated team of account managers,Free plan No 0.5% cashback with your Tide card,Free plan doesn't give 0.5% cashback with your Tide card. Plan: Plus, Cost: £9.99, Frequency:+VAT monthly,Features:,Plus plan offers Free Tide business card,Plus plan offers Expense Cards for your team - 1 free expense card included ,Plus plan offers Transfers in & out -  20/month free,,Plus plan offers ATM withdrawals £1 ,Plus plan offers Read access for team members,Plus plan offers Scheduled payments,Plus plan offers Accounting integrations - Quickbooks, Xero, Sage and more,Plus plan offers Multi-business - hold up to 5 business accounts,Plus plan offers Create and send invoices for free,Plus plan offers Priority in-app support,Plus plan offers Phone support,Plus plan offers 24/7 legal helpline,Plus plan offers Exclusive member perks,Plus plan offers Support with trademark filing and disputes infoDepending on the nature of trademark services, additional fees may be incurred on a case by case basis,Plus plan No Dedicated team of account managers, doesn't offer dedicated team of account managers,Plus plan No 0.5% cashback with your Tide card, doen't give 0.5% cashback with tide card. Plan: Pro, Cost: £18.99, Frequency:+VAT monthly,Features:,Pro plan offers Free Tide business card,Pro plan offers Expense Cards for your team - 2 free expense cards included ,Only Pro plan offers unlimited transfers in & out ,Pro plan offers ATM withdrawals £1 ,Pro plan offers Read access for team members,Pro plan offers Scheduled payments,Pro plan offers Accounting integrations - Quickbooks, Xero, Sage and more,Pro plan offers Multi-business - hold up to 5 business accounts,Pro plan offers Create and send invoices for free,Pro plan offers Priority in-app support,Pro plan offers Phone support,Pro plan offers 24/7 legal helpline,Pro plan offers Exclusive member perks,Pro plan offers Support with trademark filing and disputes infoDepending on the nature of trademark services, additional fees may be incurred on a case by case basis,With Pro plan No Dedicated team of account managers,Pro plan doesn't offer dedicated team of account managers,With Pro plan No 0.5% cashback with your Tide card,Pro plan doen't give 0.5% cashback with tide card.,Pro plan offers Unlimited transfers in & out. Plan: Cashback, Cost: £49.99, Frequency:+VAT monthly,Features:,Cashback plan offers Free Tide business card,Cashback plan offers Expense Cards for your team - 3 free expense cards included ,Cashback plan offers Transfers in & out - 150/month free ,Cashback plan offers ATM withdrawals £1 ,Cashback plan offers Read access for team members,Cashback plan offers Scheduled payments,Cashback plan offers Accounting integrations - Quickbooks, Xero, Sage and more,Cashback plan offers Multi-business - hold up to 5 business accounts,Cashback plan offers Create and send invoices for free,Cashback plan offers Priority in-app support,Cashback plan offers Phone support,Cashback plan offers 24/7 legal helpline,Cashback plan offers Exclusive member perks,Cashback plan offers Support with trademark filing and disputes infoDepending on the nature of trademark services, additional fees may be incurred on a case by case basis,Cashback plan offers Dedicated team of account managers,Cashback plan offers 0.5% cashback with your Tide card,Cashback plan has only 150 per month free transfers in and out.

Comparing pro and cashback plan. Cashback is better as we will be getting 0.5% cashback and dedicated team of account managers compared to pro plan. Pro plan is cheaper but you will lose benefit of 0.5% cashback compared to Cashback plan. Compare the prices between plans at https://www.tide.co/pricing/ and chose the plan that suits you. Cashback plan has all the benefits of pro plan but cashback plan offers only 150/month free transfers in and out, on top of that it also offers dedicated team of account managers and 0.5% cashback with your tide card. There are other plans Free and plus plan as well which are cheaper but they don't offer all the benefits of pro and cashback plan. You can visit https://www.tide.co/pricing/ for more details.


Q: What are plans?
Plans offered: 1. Free : Its free £0 ,2. Plus : It costs £9.99 ,3. Pro (New) : It costs £18.99 ,4. Cashback : It costs £49.99

Q: All plans and pricing
Tide offers 4 plans Free, Plus, Pro and Cashback plans. You can chose the one that suits you by visiting https://www.tide.co/pricing/, Free - Free of cost, Plus - £9.99, Pro - £18.99, Cashback - £49.99

Q: Shom me list of plans.
Tide offers 4 plans Free, Plus, Pro and Cashback plans. You can chose the one that suits you by visiting https://www.tide.co/pricing/

Q: List of plans
4 plans are offered  1. Free Plan 2. Plus Plan 3. Pro Plan 4. Cashback plan