Page: https://www.tide.co/partners/

Heading: TIDE PARTNER PROGRAMME
Description: Boost your earnings by partnering with Tide
Join the Tide referral partner programme and earn top commission. Drive customer acquisition and grow retention with partner perks. We’ll help your clients spend less time on finance admin and more time running their business.
Register today: https://www.tide.co/partner-signup/?utm_source=partners&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=partner_signup

Heading: Benefits to Partnering with Tide
Description: Join a market leader: With over 400,000 members, Tide is the fastest-growing business banking platform in the UK
Earn top commissions: Get market-leading commission amounts for every successful application you refer to Tide
Get tailored partner perks: Create added value and engagement with our tailored commercial partnership model
Earn free transactions for your referrals: Your referrals will receive 1 year of free transactions, access to exclusive member perks and dedicated onboarding support
Receive help to grow: Designed with longevity and scale in mind, our tailored referral partnership programmes are dedicated to business growth

Heading: Who can partner with Tide?
Description: The question is, who can’t partner with Tide?
We have referral partnerships with all kinds of businesses. Whether you have a clientele of sole traders, self-employed or SMEs, our partnership programme will work for you. Check out our
blog post (https://www.tide.co/blog/tide-update/tide-partnerships-joining-forces-to-help-small-businesses/) to find out more about how some of our current partnerships are supporting small businesses.
However you aim for partnership growth, there’ll be a place in the Tide partner programme for you!

Heading: Recommend Tide with confidence
Description: Samuel Forrest: Tide have been amazing... The ability to setup an account in less than 5 minutes is a game changer
Chris Mollan: Tide makes our on-boarding process even better - a perfect partner that our clients love!
Lorraine Bettis: Our clients have easy banking - and we are adding more value - exactly what we were looking for.
Wijay Kanagasundaram: Our clients love how fast and efficient opening a business current account with Tide is!
Lauren Harvey: With Tide, our time-poor clients open accounts in minutes!

Heading: Partner Programme FAQs

Q: How can I become a Tide partner?
To register your interest, fill in our partner sign-up form (https://www.tide.co/partner-signup/). If there is scope for partnership opportunity, the team will be in contact within 10 working days to set up a call and get the ball rolling.

Q: Who can become a Tide Partner?
A typical Tide partnership is agreed with any organisation that has marketing access to a network of sole traders, contractors, self-employed workers or registered companies. Whether your business is in financial admin, the GIG economy, a company formation agent, consultancy, working in construction, courier company, or food delivery service & want to refer your clients to Tide, then we want to hear from you. Please note, our partnerships team manages client referral partnerships only – product partnerships or offerings are not within its remit.

Q: What fees will my clients be charged?
Your clients only pay for what they use:
Bank transfers (in or out): 20p
Payments between Tide accounts: Free
Card transactions home and abroad: Free
Cash withdrawals: £1
Cash deposits (through the Post Office): £1
Cash deposits (through PayPoint): 3% of the total transaction value

Q: If my clients have any issues with signup, or their account in general, what can I do to help?
Our Onboarding Support team is available to assist with any account opening enquiries and you can call them on 02038932915 weekdays from 9 am to 6 pm. You can also contact our member support team by messaging on the app or an email to hello@tide.co.
Once an account is opened, our Member Support team are available in app, 24/7 or can be contacted by email at hello@tide.co.

Q: Do you offer overdrafts?
Whilst we don’t offer overdrafts, we’ve partnered with Iwoca to bring you business loans – allowing you to apply for up to £150,000 of credit straight through the app, which can be used as an alternative to a traditional overdraft.
Your clients can apply straight through the app, on the home screen.
For more information visit our business loans page (https://www.tide.co/features/business-loans/).
